
Cash Register

Instructions
Open the Cash Register folder in Atom.
Write your JavaScript in the main.js file.
To test, right click on the HTML file and open in Chrome.
Right click anywhere in the page and click "Inspect"
Click on the "Console" tab.
Here you will see any console.log messages displayed.

Using what you know about conditional statements, create a program that tells us the current status of a cash register.

If we have enough money in the cash register, use a console.log statement to print out: "Have a nice day." like so: console.log(\'93Have a nice day.

If we don't have enough money in the cash register, but have enough in the cash register and safe combined, print out: "Please wait while I go to the safe."

If we don't have enough money in the cash register and the safe combined, print out: "Please wait while I go to the bank."

Hint:
There should be a variable to keep track of how much money the customer needs back.

Hint:
There should be a variable to keep track of how much money is inside the cash register.

Hint:
There should be a variable to keep track of how much money is inside the safe.


Extra Challenge:

If we need to go to the bank to get more money, we need to create a bank withdrawal slip for the money we have to withdraw. Create a new variable that holds onto the amount of money needed for withdrawal.

For example, if I needed $100, and the cash register only had $10 and the safe only had $30, I would need to withdraw $60 from the bank.

If the clerk needs to run to the bank, display a message to the clerk that tells them how much to withdraw. For example, "Withdraw $30"

Hint:
You'll need to use string concatenation to form this message.
